---
layout: post
title:  "Call for Papers"
isStaticPost: false
lang: en
ref: call-for-papers-2023
editor_options: 
  markdown: 
    wrap: 72
---

#### LatinR2023 \<- "Latinamerican Conference About the use of R in R&D"

<br> <br> The sixth version of the conference will take place in Montevideo, Uruguay, between October 18 and 20. In this edition it will be possible to participate with oral presentations, lightning talks and posters.
<br>

##### Topics

The suggested topics for this edition are the following:

- Applications of R in different disciplines of academy and
     industry. All fields of knowledge and their combinations are
     welcomed.

- New packages development.

- Innovative use of existing R packages.

- Use of R in teaching

- Innovative initiatives for learning R

- Experiment design using R

- Reproducible research with R

- Machine learning with R

- Data visualization with R

- Network analysis with R

- Uses of R in goverment and public services

- Use of R for open data analysis

- Use of R with other programming languages and
     platforms
<br><br>
##### Types of submissions

###### Oral presentations

Presentations about results of research projects, developments or initiatives that, due to their originality or potential application and impact on the use or development of R in academia or industry, are of interest to the regional R community. Those who participate In this modality will have 20 minutes for the presentation and 5 minutes for Q&A.

<br>
###### Lightning Talks

Lightning talks provide an opportunity to present and discuss advances, ideas, ongoing research, experiences and challenges related to LatinR's topics. Those who participate in this modality will have 5 minutes for the presentation. Lightning talks will be grouped into thematic sessions that will include a final round of Q&A.
<br>
###### Posters

Like Lightning Talks, the posters provide an opportunity to present progress and ongoing projects related to LatinR's tpocis. During the conference there will be a time block for the presentation of posters and dialogue with the audience.
<br><br>
##### Submitting a proposal

The platform for submitting proposals will be announced by the end of April. This year we will nt be using EasyChair, because they no longer offer a free tier for small conferences like ours, and it has accesibility issues.
<br>
##### Key dates

**Submission deadline**: May 31, 2023

**Acceptation notice**: early August 2023


